Confidential Container docs (#273)
lsds/sgx-lkl: README.md

### 3. Other configuration options

SGX-LKL-OE has a number of other configuration options, e.g. for configuring the
disks, in-enclave scheduling, network configuration, or debugging/tracing.

There are two ways to specify configuration options: environment variables and JSON files.

During debugging, it can be convenient to specify debugging options as environment
variables. Note that for debugging options to have an effect, SGX-LKL must be built
with `DEBUG=true`.
To see a list of all environment configuration variables, run:
```
sgx-lkl-run-oe --help-config
```

The recommended way to configure SGX-LKL is through host config and app config JSON files.
Using JSON files is also required when creating Confidential Containers (see next section).
To create initial host and app config files in the current directory, run:
```
sgx-lkl-cfg create --disk sgxlkl-disk.img
```
Note that you may have to adapt the generated files to your needs.

> See the `tests/containers/cc` folder for example host and app config files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you may have to adapt the generated files to your needs
(see the `tests/containers/cc` folder for sample host and app config files).
```

You can then run SGX-LKL using the host and app config files alone:
```
sgx-lkl-run-oe --hw-debug --host-config=host-config.json --app-config=app-config.json
```
Note that environment variables can still be used to specify additional options.
This is especially useful for host configuration options that are only known
at runtime in the target system where SGX-LKL will run, for example the name

> of the network tap device (`SGXLKL_TAP`).

Reviewer: Do we want to keep environment variables that refer to the host_config in a RELEASE build?

Author: Yeah, I think this may be useful for infrastructure injecting information (like the tap device to use).

Author: And since there is no difference in security for the host config I wouldn't make the behaviour different between build types, simply for consistency.

F. Confidential Container bundling for deployment
-------------------------------------------------

A Confidential Container is a Docker image that only contains the disk images

> and the host and app config files.

Reviewer: Why would the CC contain the host_config? By definition, the host_config should be provided by the deployment environment, no?

Author: Some things are known at CC build time, like the paths of the disks.

Reviewer: I wonder if it wouldn't be simpler if we always just called the disks, `disk0.img`, `disk1.img` etc. and the CC provided all of them in that order. Is there a benefit of giving the container builder control over this? One benefit is that the host_config gives the container builder a mechanism to configure the host environment, and we may need this in the future.

Author: For CCs this may work but I'd like to keep the flexibility of specifying explicit paths in SGX-LKL itself since it may be used in cases that are not strictly CCs, like in our Azure ML pipeline demo at //build where the disks were downloaded automatically at certain paths and would have to be copied around to fulfil the `disk<n>.img` naming scheme, which is suboptimal.

It is used for deploying an SGX-LKL application to a target system that has
Docker as well as SGX-LKL installed on the host.

> This allows to update SGX-LKL without rebuilding all Docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows to update SGX-LKL without rebuilding all Confidential Containers.
```

> Like Docker, SGX-LKL can be considered part of the host runtime environment.

Reviewer: Docker daemon? Docker engine?

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure which word fits best. Docker engine makes more sense.

To create a Confidential Container, run:
```

> sgx-lkl-docker build-cc --name=my-app-cc --mode=debug --host-cfg=host-config.json --app-cfg=app-config.json

Reviewer: I wonder if it is right that we have to specify the execution mode at CC build time. Why is that necessary?

Author: This determines the ENTRYPOINT that's used. E.g. `--mode=debug` results in `ENTRYPOINT ["/opt/sgx-lkl-debug/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe", "--host-config=/host-cfg.json", "--app-config=/app-cfg.json"]`. In principle you can also leave out the entrypoint and specify it at runtime but that gets a bit unwieldy. Unfortunately it's not possible to do `-v /opt/sgx-lkl-debug:/opt/sgx-lkl` because the installation prefix must stay the same as it's baked in to the executable's interpreter path which must be absolute (`/opt/sgx-lkl-debug/lib/external/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2`). One thing we could simplify is to change the install prefixes to `/opt/sgx-lkl/<build-type>` so that at least the mount flag is always the same regardless of build type: `-v /opt/sgx-lkl:/opt/sgx-lkl`.

Reviewer: Hmm, I don't think that the above is a great justification to have the `--mode` flag. You could argue that an entrypoint that simply refers to the SGX-LKL launcher is something that should come from the host environment and not be part of the CC. What would it take to provide the entrypoint at launch time?

Author: ```
docker run --rm --privileged --network=host \
  -v /opt/sgx-lkl-debug:/opt/sgx-lkl-debug \
  --entrypoint=/opt/sgx-lkl-debug/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe
  my-app-cc \
  --host-config=/host-cfg.json --app-config=/app-cfg.json \
  --hw-debug
```
We could get rid of `--host-config` and `--app-config` if we extend SGX-LKL to pick up the paths from environment variables, then we can specify them in the CC Dockerfile via `ENV SGXLKL_APP_CONFIG_PATH=/app-cfg.json` etc.

Author: Note that I agree with you, it would be better to get rid of the `--mode` flag. If we need to add it in the future for other purposes again we can bring it back.

Author: Alternatively, instead of new environment variables, we could have SGX-LKL look for default paths in the current directory, like `host-config.json` and `app-config.json`.
The default ENTRYPOINT would be `/opt/sgx-lkl-release/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe` and the default CMD would be `--hw-release`. Then the Docker run would be:
```
docker run --rm --privileged --network=host \
  -v /opt/sgx-lkl-release:/opt/sgx-lkl-release \
  my-app-cc
```

If you want to use something non-default, you can specify the entrypoint and SGX-LKL arguments, e.g here for running a debug build in sw mode:
```
docker run --rm --privileged --network=host \
  -v /opt/sgx-lkl-debug:/opt/sgx-lkl-debug \
  --entrypoint=/opt/sgx-lkl-debug/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe \
  my-app-cc --sw-debug
```

Author: Sorry for the spam, but I'm a bit torn here. The only reason for running a CC in a different mode is for debugging/testing, and in that case you would very likely not use the same CC anyway as you would not want attestation-backed disk encryption, and maybe you also compile your app differently if its a native app (e.g. with debug symbols etc.). What `--mode` then does is two things: first, it makes running the CC easier by hard-coding some things, and second it could check for common mistakes, e.g. warning if the disks are not encrypted when using `--mode=release`. Are you sure we want to get rid of that?

```
Note that `--mode` determines the SGX-LKL installation to be used when running
the container, in this case `/opt/sgx-lkl-debug`.
Currently, only `debug` and `nonrelease` are available, `release` will be added
in the future. 

On the target system where the Confidential Container is run, install SGX-LKL
from the published Debian packages (see A. Installing SGX-LKL-OE).
Note that an SGX-LKL installation built from source (see B. Building SGX-LKL-OE from source)
cannot be used directly as it is not a self-contained installation 
(bundling required library dependencies).

To run the Confidential Container, run:
```
docker run --rm --privileged --network=host \

>   -v /opt/sgx-lkl-debug:/opt/sgx-lkl-debug \

Reviewer: See my comment above -- since we're specifying the SGX-LKL build, the mode above seems unnecessary.

Due to the app_config, attestation will fail if the host picks the wrong SGX-LKL build type.

Author: How about we change the install prefixes to `/opt/sgx-lkl/<mode>` so that the mode is not specified again when running the container, since you could then mount the whole parent folder?
